Effective starting: August 17, 2026

These Atlassian AI Terms (these “ Terms ”) supplement the Atlassian Customer Agreement , or another agreement entered between Customer and Atlassian (the “ Agreement ”) and apply to generative artificial intelligence features Atlassian makes available to customers as part of certain Cloud Products or plans or as standalone Cloud Products (the “ AI Offerings ”). These Terms control in the event of a conflict with the Agreement. Capitalized terms used and not defined in these Terms have the meanings given to them in the Agreement.

1. Identifying AI Offerings

Atlassian must identify AI Offerings in product (for instance, as “Uses AI”) or in Documentation.

2. Input and Output

2.1. Atlassian Obligations . The AI Offerings provide Output in response to Input. Input and Output are Customer Data under the Agreement. Atlassian must not permit its subcontractors to use Input or Output to train or improve their models. The Documentation provides more information about Atlassian's use of Input and Output and the privacy preserving measures Atlassian applies.

2.2. Additional Customer Obligations, Restrictions and Disclaimers .

(a) Output Use and Assessment . Customer is responsible for its use of Output, including determining whether Output is appropriate for that use.

(b) Restrictions . Customer must not (and must not permit anyone else to): (i) provide Input that either violates third-party rights or Law or is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to generate Output that does so; (ii) provide Input that includes Personal Data of children under 13 or any age of digital consent under Law; (iii) use Output in a manner that Customer knows, or reasonably should know, violates third-party rights or Law; or (iv) represent that Output is human generated or approved or endorsed by Atlassian or its subcontractors.

(c) Disclaimers . Output is generated by artificial intelligence, including by using technology provided by third-party subcontractors. Atlassian makes no warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of Output or that it does not violate third-party rights or Law . Due to the nature of the AI Offerings, (i) Output may not be unique or exclusive to Customer and its Users, (ii) the same or similar Input may yield differing Output, and (iii) Output does not represent Atlassian’s or its subcontractors’ views.

3. Agents

3.1. In General . Agents are AI Offerings that Users may direct to take certain actions on behalf of Customer (“ Agents ”). These actions are not Output. Agents may be created by Customer, provided by Atlassian, or provided by third parties as Third-Party Products.

3.2. Additional Customer Obligations and Restrictions . Customer is responsible for its use of Agents, including determining whether any actions Agents may take are appropriate for that use and appropriately supervising such actions. Customer must not use Agents in a manner that either violates third-party rights or Law or is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to do so.

4. Output Indemnification

4.1. Indemnification . Atlassian will defend Customer from and against any third-party claim to the extent alleging that Output of the AI Offerings, when used by Customer as authorized by the Agreement, directly infringes any copyright of a third party (an “ Output Claim ”) and indemnify and hold harmless Customer against any damages, fines or costs finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) or agreed in settlement by Atlassian resulting from an Output Claim, except to the extent an Output Claim arises from: (i) Customer’s breach of the Agreement (which includes the Acceptable Use Policy); (ii) Customer’s modification of Output; (iii) use of Output in combination with items not provided by Atlassian (including Third-Party Products); (iv) Output that Customer knew, or reasonably should have known, was likely to violate the third-party rights or Laws that are the subject of the Output Claim; (v) any use of Output after Atlassian has instructed Customer to cease use or after Customer has received notice of alleged infringement; (vi) Third-Party Products or their output; or (vii) Input, other non-Output Customer Data or Customer Materials.

4.2. Procedures, Settlement and Mitigation . Atlassian’s obligations in Section 4.1 (Indemnification) are subject to the same procedures, settlement conditions and mitigations as specified in the “Indemnification by Atlassian” (or similar) section of the Agreement.

4.3. Limitation of Liability and Exclusive Remedy . To the maximum extent permitted by Law, Atlassian’s entire liability arising out of or related to all Output Claims will not exceed in aggregate the lesser of (i) the amounts paid to Atlassian for the Cloud Products from which the Output was generated during the twelve (12) months preceding the first event out of which an Output Claim arose, and (ii) US$1,000,000. This Section 4 sets out Customer’s exclusive remedy and Atlassian’s entire liability regarding Output.

5. Definitions

“ Input ” means any input (for instance, textual, audiovisual or other content) Customer or a User provides or makes available to an AI Offering.

“ Output ” means any output (for instance, textual, audiovisual or other content) generated and returned to Customer or a User by an AI Offering based on Input.

Related content

Product-specific terms

Learn more

Advisory Services

Learn more

Data Processing Addendum

Learn more

Data Transfer Impact Assessment

Learn more

Stay informed

Subscribe to receive notifications from us about updates to our legal terms (including our legal policies) and our list of sub-processors.

Sign up for updates

Company

Careers

Events

Blogs

Investor Relations

Atlassian Foundation

Press kit

Contact us

products

Rovo

Jira

Jira Align

Jira Service Management

Confluence

Loom

Trello

Bitbucket

See all products

Resources

Technical support

Purchasing & licensing

Templates

Atlassian Community

Knowledge base

Marketplace

My account

Create support ticket

Learn

Partners

Training & certification

Documentation

Developer resources

Enterprise services

See all resources

Copyright © 2025 Atlassian

Privacy Policy

Terms

Impressum

Choose language Deutsch English Español Français Italiano 한국어 Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português русский 中文